# Lab_1_202101224

## Lab 1: Choosing Software Process Models

### a) A simple data processing project

**Software Process Model: WaterFall Model**

For a simple data processing project, the requirements are likely to be well defined. The waterfall model Works for well understood problems with minimal or no changes in the requirements.

### b) A data entry system for office staff who have never used computers before. The user interface and user-friendliness are extremely important.

**Software Process Model: Prototype Model**

For a data entry system for office user interface and user-friendliness are extremely important as mentioned in the problem, so prototyping model is suitable for novice user and UI is important.

### c) A spreadsheet system that has some basic features and many other desirable features that use these basic features.

**Software Process Model: Evolutionary Model**

For a spreadsheet system we first start with some basic features and then in the next version we try to cover more features, it works like the incremental model and the product evolves with each version.

### d) A web-based system for a new business where requirements are changing fast and where an in-house development team is available for all aspects of the project.

**Software Process Model: Agile Model**

For a web-based system where requirements are changing fast, we can use the agile model for that and also if "Time to market is critical" then we should use the incremental model.

### e) A Web-site for an on-line store which has a long list of desired features it wants to add, and it wants a new release with new features to be done very frequently.

**Software Process Model: Agile Model**

For a website which has a long list of desired features it wants to add, then agile is suitable for this process because agile is based on code & test and also the Evolutionary model is suitable because it also supports version evolution.

### f) A system to control anti-lock braking in a car.

**Software Process Model: WaterFall Model**

For a system to control anti-lock braking in a car, first, I will have the set of requirements, and also it will have minimal change, and it is also an automation process so I can use the WaterFall Model.

### g) A virtual reality system to support software maintenance.

**Software Process Model: Evolutionary Model**

For a virtual reality system to support software maintenance. This is a system where the requirements will change and there will be extensive user interface components so the Evolutionary model is suitable.

### h) A university accounting system that replaces an existing system.

**Software Process Model: WaterFall Model**

For a university accounting system that replaces an existing system, when replacing an existing system, the requirements are likely to be well-defined and stable so the WaterFall is suitable.

### i) An interactive system that allows railway passengers to find train times from terminals installed in stations.

**Software Process Model: Evolutionary Model**

For an interactive system, we try to get feedback from the user and then improve it in the next version so the Evolutionary Model is good for that purpose.

### j) Company has asked you to develop software for a missile guidance system that can identify a target accurately.

**Software Process Model: Spiral Model**

For a missile guidance system, there is high-risk so we should use the Spiral Model for that.

### k) When emergency changes have to be made to systems, the system software may have to be modified before changes to the requirements have been approved. Choose a process model for making these modifications that ensures that the requirements documents and the system implementation do not become inconsistent.

**Software Process Model: Evolutionary Model**

For a system where requirements are changing and we need to modify the software (like version control) so the Evolutionary model is best suitable.

### l) Software for an ECG machine.

**Software Process Model: Spiral Model**

For an ECG machine Developing software involves critical safety considerations, and the system needs to be highly reliable, Hence the Spiral model is suitable.

### m) A small scale well-understood project (no changes in requirement will be there once decided).

**Software Process Model: WaterFall Model**

For a small-scale well-understood project, the waterfall model is feasible.
